What a lovely young woman.
Hi, it's pleasure. My name is...
Oh, I know who you are.
You are Jackson's wife.
All of that necklace I designed for you fits you perfectly.
You have excellent taste.
This can't be happening.
Jackson, where did you get all this money?
It's a secret.
How dare your homeless husband show his face around here?
Especially at an upscale occasion, such as this, he should be kicked out.
This is my husband.
He is attending this event as the husband of the CEO.
If anything, we should be kicking you out.
Now, let's welcome our CEO, Charlotte Torres.
Hello, everyone.
It is an honor to be standing here today.
Ever since taking office, our turnover profit margins have increased an incredible 10%.
Increased by 10%.
We don't see the profit reflected in this shareholder's financial report.